Added diagram showing the commercial products, their relations and dependencies. (#5542)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: marketplace-and-integrations/README.md

> We aim to make all commercial products available as new major versions in alignment with the releases of Umbraco CMS. A new major version of Umbraco, running on the latest version of the .NET framework, is expected every six months. At or around the same time, compatible Forms, Deploy, Workflow and Commerce releases will also be made available, along with [the additional, dependent packages](./commercial-product-dependencies.md).

Reviewer: AFAIK [.net frameworks ](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/lifecycle/products/microsoft-net-framework) are not same as what v10+ use it is just .net. I also added a link to it.
```suggestion
We aim to make all commercial products available as new major versions in alignment with the releases of Umbraco CMS. A new major version of Umbraco, running on the latest version of [.NET](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet), is expected every six months. At or around the same time, compatible Forms, Deploy, Workflow and Commerce releases will also be made available, along with [the additional, dependent packages](./commercial-product-dependencies.md).
```
